# Meeting 8
## 25/03/2019

### Notes from the TA:

- Deadline the demo 
- Make sure the tests make sense and not just cover branch coverage 
- Individualist the server side methods

### Points of action

- Get rid of unnecessary branches
- Merge the work of all members